"The Russian Empire was the third largest of the ever existing states (after the British and Mongol empires) extending to the North Ice Ocean in the north and the Black Sea in the south, to the Baltic Sea in the west and the Pacific Ocean in the east."
"In 2007, over 19 million tourists visited Greece, making it one of the top ten tourist destinations in the world."
"The Great Barrier Reef is the largest natural object on Earth formed by living organisms <unk> it can be seen from space."
"The structure of this reef is formed (built) from billions of tiny organisms known to science as coral polyps."
"Italy's foreign population is unevenly distributed: 87,3% live in the country's most economically developed northern and central areas, while only 12,7% live in the southern part of the peninsula."
"We bought five great pieces of furniture."
"To our surprise, we found five bottles of cognac of different sizes in our mini bar."
"The seller placed five tiles of Belgian chocolate with different flavors in front of me."
"A farmer bought five cattle."
"We had nine children."
"One day, a man of our ten officers dined at Silvio's."
"A man with 20 guerrilla fighters lying around the fire."
"My mother bought five eggs."
"The boys stole ten apples."
"Nikolai has scratched ten pieces of dry."
"He said a thousand five bad words."
"How much care one animal required!"
"Twenty sheep are re-wintered."
"Usually, at eight o'clock in the morning, 10 little girls with books came to her door."
"I bought pencils for five yesterday."
"How many heads of cattle have you bought?"
"Before the war, there were many artists here!"
"Every puppy praises his swamp."
"You keep going, you keep going."
"Fear has big eyes."
"You can't catch a fish from a pond."
"Seven nannies have a child without an eye."
"Better a brown in the hand than a crab in the sky."
"The devils are in the silence."
"Goal for the trick."
"The way to a man's heart is through his stomach."
"No harm without good."
"Fear of wolves is not to go into the woods."
"Hurry up, make people laugh."
"Better late than never."
"Done the job, walk with courage."
"No one goes to a monastery with their charter."
"Under the rock, there's no water"
"In the eye of another we see a prick, but in our own log we do not notice"
"It is better to see once than to hear a hundred times."
"Free cheese is only in the mousebox."
"Don't spit in the well."
"The apple doesn't fall far from the apple tree."
"Morning is wiser at night."
"Get the garbage out of the house."
"Behind the sleeves."
"Put your finger in the sky."
"Get up on your left foot."
"Take your legs off."
"Born in a shirt."
"Curious Barbara's nose was cut off at the market."
"After the rain on Thursday."
"You keep going, you keep going."
"One in the field is not a warrior."
"A penny of rubles is enough."
"Back in December last year, fellow economists Martin Feldstein and Nuriel Rubini published their prophetic articles in alternative opinion columns, boldly questioning the game's drive for improvement, wisely pointing to the risks of gold."
"But January 1980 was, as we know, a nerve boost during a period of heightened geopolitical instability."
"With the rapidly growing deficit and the unthinking fiscal-budgetary policy, you 'll wonder if today's populist administration will be imprudently printing new money."
"In my view, the strongest argument that justifies today's high price of gold is the significant strengthening of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East in the global economy."
"As the euro looks less and less appetizing as a means of diversification against the dollar, gold's attractiveness naturally increased."
"So, indeed, there are iron truths that seem to support today's high price of gold, though much more controversial is whether they will continue to maintain high prices in the future, and if so, to what extent."
"In general, another important fundamental factor that is supporting high gold prices may prove to be much less significant than globalization."
"Most economic studies say that it is very difficult to predict gold prices in the short or medium term: the probability of profit and loss is roughly the same."
"Ridiculated by critics as "the domino theory", this viewpoint compared the invasion of Iraq to US actions in postwar Japan."
"They knew about the tribal, multi-religious and ethnically divided nature of Iraq, which, without dictatorship, could plunge into "crash" with unbridled leadership, ethnic and religious enmity and support for terrorism."
"Proper nutrition and adequate sports are the main determining factors that cause the rapidly growing number of children who suffer from either excess weight or obesity."
"" For example, only half of the respondents said they eat five times a day, breakfast-breakfast-lunch-breakfast-dinner, which is a must-have for proper nutrition, " says one study."
"Experts warn that even relative details such as regular family breakfast time are important for healthy development."
"The actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Government (CPA), as well as recent decisions by the Bush administration, indicate that the former belief in Iraq's acceptance of the Western model of democracy is fading."
"The political culture of Iraq - and the Middle East as a whole - is incompatible with the main features of the recognized Western democracy: there are no such concepts as human rights and duties, the concept of a patriarchal state is deeply rooted, and the cultural identity of individuals is rarely connected with the community that represents the entire nation."
"In Iraq, as everywhere in the Arab and Muslim world, the cultural war is fought between two paradigms: the great myth of the supporters and agitators of the ideas of collectivism (nationalism, socialism, Islamism) and the vague paradigm of the individualistic modernity, which has its roots in certain places, where world experience comes from."
"Let the nominal but consensus with the great concepts of " democracy " and " human rights " as a common basis for political debate represent an important shift of the front line, where the battle of cultures is going."
"How to organize an international exhibition that includes the work of 100 different artists? Ask Shia Hembry, who invented all the artists and their work himself <unk> from huge outdoor installations to tiny paintings made of a single hair. In this funny and stunning talk you will see what an explosion of creativity and versatility an artist is capable of."
"But it was the perfect place to grow up as an artist because I was surrounded by amazingly colorful people who could work with their hands."
"My childhood was far more provincial than I could tell you, and far more intelligent than you might expect."
"But what struck me about it was that he used to lie down and call me to bring him my gun, which I did."
"A few years ago, I traveled around Europe to see the major international art exhibitions that reflect what's happening in the art world."
"It's that I imagine how I could explain a piece of art to my grandmother in five minutes, and if I can't do that, then the work is too empty or too personal, and not well thought out."
"And at the other end <unk> theatrical performances and short films and installations inside the room, like, for example, this installation or this one, as well as external installations like this or that one."
"An amendment that would have led to the release of a former prime minister in prison was rejected during the second reading of a bill to ease sentences for economic offenses."
"Tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime; in the West the process was also suspected of bias."
"In its latest report, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) indicated that everything indicates that Iran has not given up attempts to acquire nuclear weapons."
"The proposal to repeal Article 365 of the Criminal Procedure Code, according to which the former Prime Minister was convicted, was supported by 147 members of Parliament."
"The transitional government declared itself a follower of the usual Sharia law, which we have already heard about."
"France and the rest of Europe are now in the spotlight of investors."
"A statistical storm hit Europe on Tuesday."
"Investors are now looking not only at Italy; they are now focusing on Spain, France, Austria and other countries."
"Statistical bureaus of the Eurozone countries in Germany, the Czech Republic and some other countries have published their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter."
"In the third quarter of this year, the Czech economy showed a preliminary growth of 1.5 percent; however, it was in a stagnant state compared to the previous quarter."
"From July to September, the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union showed growth of 0.2% compared to the previous quarter, which coincides with analysts'forecasts."
"Even Austria, the Netherlands, France and Belgium etc. are beginning to experience difficulties."
"Despite the fact that the situation in the region is deteriorating, the yield of Czech 1-year bonds remains about 4%."
"In the second half, the Czech team was lucky to retain a significant advantage after the home match, and it will once again participate in the European Championship."
"The great Petr uc0u268 ech is one of the reasons why the Czech national team will not miss the European Championship next year."
"This also explains the lack of pressure from the hosts' team in the first half."
"Several hundred university students created a living shield around an atomic power plant in Iran."
"More than a third of children aged 9 to 13 years are overweight; while 9 percent of schoolchildren are overweight, 5 percent are obese."
"According to a recent study, children with obesity are usually from families with unhealthy lifestyles."
"We see again the importance of the environment and the patterns of behavior that accompany a person for his or her healthy development."
"The study was conducted at the end of last school year; it involved nearly 900 elementary school students throughout Bohemia."
"Do you look up or down, how do you get this in space? You have to get it there, in a rocket, and the rocket is small. So you have to make the lens smaller."
"How do you make a large layer of glass smaller?"
"You divide the lens into sections and add flexible connections."
"- Let's say the rules are this: Every time you offer someone a drink, you give them a drink and your foam balls included."
"The best way to see this is to take a man's watch and lock him in a bunker deep underground for a few months."
"And you know, our ways of dealing with all of this have their advantages, but we also need to be aware of the price we all pay for it."
"Yes, you see, it's actually a dead object, and it comes to life only because of you."
"Well, I'd rather say it's an object made of wood and fabric, with built-in motions, so you'd think it was alive."
"So Tom called us up and said, "Do you think you can make us a horse for a show that's going to be at the National Theatre?"
"Here, in the Olympic figure skating commentary, you can see, in fact, the same description of this phenomenon of the inner state of man."
"You see, these people define success as something that helps others and at the same time, it makes the person who works for it feel happy."
"You can do tasks in your own individual way, but for everyone, this channel is in this area of the scheme, and you can get into it when you're doing something you really like to do, like playing the piano, talking to your best friend, or working if work can give you a sense of flow."
"And I want you to think about the society you want to be a part of."
"If you think about it, if you just allow this possibility and start connecting all these points together, you can see evidence of this everywhere."
"In the headlines, you see what's going to happen to women in the next few years."
"So you're going to see what economists call polarization of the economy."
"You see them both, they're no longer in the middle class."
"Look what happened to the woman. Look what happened to the man."
"Since 1985, South Korea has asked the question, "How much do you want your firstborn to be a boy?""
"You can see how economic change has really affected the whole culture."
"As you grow up, as you grow up, your bones are renewed every 10 years."
"If you build a bridge like this and isolate it from the outside world, then you can build a bridge like this and cells that regenerate in your body can cross that bridge and take up that space."
"We take the substrate, we cover it with cells, and you can see the valve shutters opening and closing."
"Once you have the right formula, you can use it."
"You understand this need for money."
"Imagine, I'm 10 years old; you're not going to say no to me, especially if you have a choice; brown or colorless."
"And you take the golf balls and you just throw them over the top of your swimsuit, and you end up with 200 balls."
"But you know what? You hide a drink in your pants when you go to a football game, you can bring a drink for free, everybody bought these burgers."
"When you see poor service, show it to the kids."
"You're not the first to try to solve this issue, and you're not likely to be the last."
"- What to do when you feel confused?"
"You're thinking, "But that's not what the Internet says"."
"You might think, "Wikipedia doesn't mention this."
"I wanted you to think about the conservatives -- not the 1980 Republican National Convention -- I wanted you to think about this: They go to church."
"I know you won't believe me."
"First, I'll show you what we found in the cabinets."
"If you look at the microbes in one of the air conditioning systems in this building, you'll notice that they're very similar."
"You can see the bacteria communities in the outdoor air, and how these communities change over time."
"On the left, you see a platform from Evolution Robotics that you can connect to a PC and program using a graphical interface to walk around the house and do different things."
"You can buy this robot to clean the floor."
"I don't know if you see, I spilled some rice bread and I threw some coins, see if he can get it off."
"And we tried to teach all of this to our lab robots, because we think that's how you'd want to communicate with robots in the future."
"Do you really think so?"
"But when you look at different areas, you can see that they are fundamentally different from each other."
"As you know, the first computer in many people's homes was a Pong toy with a small microprocessor inside, and then other games became available."
"You can buy this robot to clean the floor."
"Imagine: the late 1990s, and you meet a nice young man named Tim Berners-Lee, who tells you about a technology he devised called the Internet."
"If you look at the 2050 schedule, you'll see that the Chinese economy is projected to be twice the US economy, and India's economy is almost as big as the US economy."
"Do you remember the transfer of Hong Kong from Britain to China in 1997?"
"If you want to know why we're constantly making mistaken estimates of China, why our predictions about China are wrong, you know why."
"So if you're young, forget about retirement."
"Forget about them, they'll only confuse you, even if you know how to draw."
"You won't believe it, but we made a list of 7,000 guests -- they all contributed -- a crazy list, but I was going to invite them all to India."
"I hope you'll join him, help the kids, and be honest."
"And when you go skiing in the mountains, you attach different devices to the car for that sort of thing."
"But how can you know about the project?"
"You've probably heard of the wave of uprisings that raged there after the 2008 election."
"I assume you're in the second category, and that's great, because I'm starting a new project: you take pictures and you glue them up."
"Do you remember your first trip in a car with this kind of headlight?"
"And if you don't mind, just shut off your thinking and feel."
"You see 50, 100, 200 things on the shelves as you walk, and I have to work on that moment to get to you first."
"The feeling is, doing it is great, you anticipate it, and when you share it with someone, as you probably already have, you'll look very smart."
"This is Terry, as you can see, pulling his right arm under his head and far ahead."
"With the language speaker, you can understand their grammar, formulating these sentences in the past, present and future, allowing you to understand where the subject, the complement, the verb, how the direct and indirect turns are made, where the gender, and so on."
"But you're wrong, because my body is very poorly designed for most tasks, perhaps well enough designed to lift heavy stones."
"And if you don't believe in any religion, there's nothing wrong with finding and choosing the best of what's in it."
"- You know, in the 18th century, the greatest preacher in Britain was John Wesley, who traveled the country, reading sermons that taught people how to live."
"Because when you look at the moon, you think, "I'm so small. What are my problems?""
"In a secular world, you can graduate from university and still have a great career as a public speaker."
"So when you go to a church, mosque or cathedral, you absorb with your eyes, your senses of truth, which you would otherwise perceive with your mind."
"Because when you look at the moon, you think, "I'm so small. What are my problems?""
"Because you agree with this person 90 percent, your views are very similar, but there are differences that you respect."
"And if you think about it, you'll realize that there's a lot more to it than just running a great website."
"If you start behaving like this, you're going to be asked to leave the community."
"And if I'm convincing, you'll leave, thinking, yes, we can really make a dream come true, make available everything that's ever been published, everything that's ever been intended to be distributed, make available to anyone in the world who wants to access it."
"And if you've ever had a book, you know that in Microsoft Word it's about 1 megabytes."
"If you really care about books, you'll be able to scan them better, especially if they're valuable books."
"If you're a charity, you get support and tax breaks, but not on the Internet, where you can go broke."
"The two trucks you see at the very end carry 12 gallons of compressed helium each."
"When you walk on the meadows, it vibrates to your steps, trying to grab the organic residue."
"You could take a cardboard box from under your shoes, add water to it -- I developed this technology for refugee camps -- corn, beans, cabbage and onions."
"You will feel again what spirituality and faith mean to you."
"You'll fill your vocabulary, meet new people, and lead a healthier lifestyle."
"The next time you encounter something unexpected, unwanted, and ambiguous, remember that it can be a gift."
"Here's a verified press release that you can read -- tested by the US Department of Defense, try Google searching for Stamets and Ospas."
"Here's the selectivity index -- from measles, you saw 10 and 20 -- now from influenza viruses, compared to control ribavirin, we have extremely high activity."
"You'll fill your vocabulary, meet new people, and lead a healthier lifestyle."
"If you want to know more <unk> just go to our website."
"You'll agree with me about the professors."
"You recognize this movement, and so do worms, snakes, and any animal that moves on the ground without the help of its feet."
"Well, if you want to fly, it's good to look at birds to learn from them."
"You say, "Well, what are you talking about?""
"You know, every Saturday and Sunday, hundreds of thousands of people come to the stadiums every fall to watch football."
"You know, we've been taught to play since we were kids."
"And you can say, "Well, God invented the cow"."
"Because what I've been doing for the last four years, actually, is from the moment you first saw me -- some of you saw me at TED talking about religion, and for the last four years, I've been working almost non-stop on this topic."
"While you're informing your children about other religions, you can teach them any religion you want to teach them as early as you want and as soon as you want."
"You all just heard this man."
"Every time you read it or tell it, you make another copy in your brain."
"You could stop reading this book because life would be without purpose, meaning, or purpose."
"If you're like me, you know a lot of amazing, devoted, busy atheists, agnostics who are very good without God."
"I went through the ice hole, the one you just saw, and looked at the ice from the other side."
"They work even when you're sleeping."
"You will feel again what spirituality and faith mean to you."
"You'll learn to understand your body and trust it again."
"He thought, thought, but he never got the job done."
"We waited for the train, and it never came."
"She was looking for the keys, but she didn't find them until the evening."
"- The children were playing in the yard until it rained."
"I looked at the clock, but time went too slow."
"We were walking around the park until it was dark."
"He called, he called, but no one answered."
"The cat sat by the window and then fell asleep."
"She read the book, but she never understood the plot."
"I've been looking for inspiration, but I've never found it.}"
