1: At the beginning of the 19th century , the Russian Empire extended from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Black Sea on the south , from the Baltic Sea on the west to the Pacific Ocean , and ( until 1867 ) into Alaska in North America on the east .
2: According to Eurostat statistics , Greece welcomed over 19.5 million tourists in 2009 , which is an increase from the 17.7 million tourists it welcomed in 2007 .
3: The Great Barrier Reef can be seen from outer space and is the world 's biggest single structure made by living organisms.
4: This reef structure is composed of and built by billions of tiny organisms , known as coral polyps .
5: The distribution of immigrants is largely uneven in Italy : 87 % of immigrants live in the northern and central parts of the country ( the most economically developed areas ) , while only 13 % live in the southern half of the peninsula .
6: We bought five amazing pieces of furniture.
7: To our utmost surprise we found five bottles of cognac of different sizes in our mini-bar.
8: The shopkeeper put five bars of fine Belgium chocolate with different flavorings in front of me.
9: The farmer bought five cows.
10: We were nine children.
11: One day around ten of our army men had lunch at Sylvio.
12: Around twenty partisans lied around the fire.
13: Mother bought five eggs.
14: Boys stole ten apples.
15: Nikolay grabbed around ten rusks.
16: He said around five swear words.
17: And how much care one cattle demanded!
18: Around twenty sheep passed the winter.
19: Usually at eight o’clock around ten little girls with books slowly creeped to the gates of her house.
20: Yesterday I bought around five pencils.
21: How many heads of cattle did you buy?
22: Before the war there were many artists here! At least ten lived in our street.
23: Every bird praises its own nest.
24: The slower you go, the further you'll get.
25: Fear has big eyes.
26: Without effort, you won't even catch a fish from the pond.
27: With seven nannies, a child will be left without an eye.
28: A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
29: Still waters run deep.
30: Necessity is the mother of invention
31: The road to a man's heart is through his stomach
32: Every cloud has a silver lining.
33: Nothing ventured nothing gained.
34: Haste makes waste 
35: Better late than never. 
36: Business before pleasure.
37: When in Rome, do as the Romans.
38: The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
39: People who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
40: A picture is worth a thousand words.
41: There's no such thing as a free lunch.
42: Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
43: Like mother, like daughter.
44: An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
45:  То wash one's dirty linen in public.
46: То work with the left hand.
47: То find a mare's nest.
48: То get out of bed on the wrong side.
49:  То save one's bacon.
50: То be born under a lucky star.
51: Curiosity killed the cat.
52: When Hell freezes over. 
53: More haste, less speed.
54: No man is an island.
55: A penny saved is a penny earned.
56: Just last December , fellow economists Martin Feldstein and Nouriel Roubini each penned op-eds bravely questioning bullish market sentiment , sensibly pointing out gold s risks ’ .
57: But January 1980 was arguably a freak peak “ ” during a period of heightened geo-political instability .
58: With soaring deficits , and a rudderless fiscal policy , one does wonder whether a populist administration might recklessly turn to the printing press .
59: In my view , the most powerful argument to justify today ’ s high price of gold is the dramatic emergence of Asia , Latin America , and the Middle East into the global economy .
60: With the euro looking less appetizing as a diversification play away from the dollar , gold s appeal ’ has naturally grown .
61: So , yes , there are solid fundamentals that arguably support today ’ s higher gold price , although it is far more debatable whether and to what extent they will continue to support higher prices in the future .
62: Indeed , another critical fundamental factor that has been sustaining high gold prices might prove far more ephemeral than globalization .
63: Most economic research suggests that gold prices are very difficult to predict over the short to medium term , with the odds of gains and losses being roughly in balance .
64: Derided by detractors as a new " domino theory , " this view presented intervention in Iraq as similar to America 's role in post-WWII Japan .
65: They staked their claim on the tribal , sectarian , and multiethnic nature of Iraq , which , in the absence of dictatorship , would supposedly incite Iraq 's collapse into a " failed state , " with rampant warlordism , ethnic and religious feuds , and harboring of terrorist organizations .
66: Proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors causing dramatically growing number of children who are either overweight or obese .
67: " For example , only half of those inquired said they have five meals a day , in the breakfast-snack-lunch-snack-dinner pattern , one of the basic preconditions of correct diet , " one of the results of the research says .
68: Experts warn that even relative details are crucial for healthy development ; such as a regular time of family breakfast .
69: Many of the actions and policies of the Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) , as well as higher-level Bush administration decisions , seem to point to a resigned acceptance that early hopes that Iraq would embrace Western-style democracy were misplaced .
70: Iraq 's political culture - and that of most of the Middle East - is incompatible with the basic components of a recognizable Western-style democracy : notions of individual rights and responsibilities are lacking , the concept of a patriarchal state is deeply rooted , and individual cultural identity is rarely tied to the national community .
71: In Iraq , as elsewhere in the Arab and Muslim worlds , a cultural war is being waged between two paradigms : grand narratives that accept and promote a collectivistic understanding ( nationalism , socialism , Islamism ) , versus an implicit paradigm of individualistic modernity that is locally rooted yet informed by the global experience .
72: Indeed , the nominal acceptance of grand narratives of " democracy " and " human rights " as common bases for political discourse represents a crucial shift in demarcating the cultural battle .
73: How do you stage an international art show with work from 100 different artists ? If you 're Shea Hembrey , you invent all of the artists and artwork yourself -- from large-scale outdoor installations to tiny paintings drawn with a single-haired brush . Watch this funny , mind-bending talk to see the explosion of creativity and diversity of skills a single artist is capable of .
74: And I think it was a great place to grow up as an artist because I grew up around quirky , colorful characters who were great at making with their hands .
75: And my childhood is more hick than I could ever possibly relate to you , and also more intellectual than you would ever expect .
76: And what was so amazing to me about that -- well he would be in his recliner , would holler for me to fetch the BB gun , and I 'd go get it .
77: A few years ago , I spent months in Europe to see the major international art exhibitions that have the pulse of what is supposed to be going on in the art world .
78: And what that is is I imagine explaining a work of art to my grandmother in five minutes , and if I can 't explain it in five minutes , then it 's too obtuse or esoteric and it hasn 't been refined enough yet .
79: And then at the other end , there 's performance and short films and indoor installations like this indoor installation and this one , and outdoor installations like this one and this one .
80: The amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former Prime Minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
81: Tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime ; in the West , the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased .
82: In its recent report , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that Iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
83: The proposal to remove Article 365 from the Code of Criminal Procedure , upon which the former Prime Minister was sentenced , was supported by 147 members of parliament .
84: The transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary Sharia law , of which we have already heard .
85: France and the rest of Europe are now in the investors " spotlight .
86: A statistical storm blew over Europe on Tuesday .
87: Investors are no longer looking at only Italy ; they now focus on Spain , France , Austria , and others .
88: Eurozone statistical offices in Germany , Czech Republic , and some other countries , released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter.
89: In this year 's third quarter , Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % ; however , it stagnated between the quarters .
90: Between July and September , the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union grew , compared to the previous quarter , by 0.2 % , which corresponds with estimates by analysts .
91: Even Austria , Netherlands , France , and Belgium , etc. are beginning to experience problems .
92: Despite the fact that the situation in the region is getting worse , earnings of Czech 1 - year bonds stay under 4 % .
93: In the second half , Czech football was lucky to maintain its luxury lead from the home return match , and will again feature at the European Championship .
94: The wonderful Petr Čech is one of the reasons the Czech representation team will not miss the next year 's European Championship . And Czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million Czech Crowns .
95: That was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half . Long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the Czech defence.
96: Several hundred university students created a live chain around the nuclear power plant in Iran .
97: Over a third of children between 9 and 13 are overweight ; while 9 % of schoolchildren are overweight , 5 % are obese .
98: As a recent research shows , obese children usually come from families with unhealthy lifestyle .
99: Again , we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
100: The research took place at the end of last year 's school year ; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout Bohemia.
101: Whether you're looking up or looking down, how do you get it to happen in space? You have to get it there in a rocket, and the rocket is small. So you have to make the lens smaller.
How do you make a big layer of glass smaller?
102: You divide the lens into sections and add flexible connections.
103: Let's say the rules are: every time you offer someone a drink, you give them a drink and your foam balls included.
104: The best way to observe this is if you take away the person's watch and lock them in a bunker deep underground for a few months.
105: And you know, our ways of dealing with all of this have their advantages, but we also need to realize the price we all pay for it.
106: Yes, you see - in fact it's a dead object, and it only comes back to life because of you.
107: Well, I'd rather say it's an object made up of wood and cloth, with movements built in, so that you believe it's alive.
108: So Tom called us and said: “Do you think you can make us a horse for a show that's going to be at the National Theater?”
109: You can see here, in the Olympic figure skater's statement, you can see essentially the same description of this phenomenon of the inner human condition.
110: You can see that these people define success as something that helps others and at the same time causes a sense of happiness in the one who is working towards that success.
111: You can do tasks in your own individual way, but for everyone, this “flow channel” is in this area of the chart. You can get into it when you're doing something you really enjoy doing, like playing the piano, or socializing with your best friend, or working, if the work can give you a sense of flow.
112: And I want you to think about a community you'd like to be a part of creating.
113: If you think about it, if you just allow that possibility and start connecting all these dots to each other, you can see evidence of it everywhere.
114: What you see in the headlines is what's going to happen to women in the next few years.
115: Basically you're going to see what economists call the polarization of the economy.
116: You see both of them, no longer middle class.
Look at what has happened to the woman. Look what has happened to the man.
117: Since 1985, the question asked in South Korea has been, “How much do you want your firstborn to be a boy?”
118: You can see how much economic change has really affected the whole culture.
119: When you get older, when you grow up, your bones are renewed every 10 years.
120: If you build that bridge and isolate it from the outside environment, then you're able to create that bridge and the cells that regenerate in your body are able to cross that bridge and occupy that space.
121: We take the substrate, cover it with cells, and now you can already see the flaps of the valve opening and closing.
122: Once you have the right formula, you can use it.
123: You understand this need for money.
124: Imagine, I'm 10 years old; you're not going to tell me no, especially if you have a choice; brown or no color.
125: So you pull out golf balls and just throw them by the scruff of your bathing suit, and by the end of it you've got two hundred balls.
126: But you know what? You hide your booze in your pants when you go to a soccer game, you can sneak booze for free, everybody bought those burpees.
127: When you see bad service, show it to the kids.
128: You're not the first to try to address this issue, and you're also unlikely to be the last.
129: So what should you do when you feel at a loss?
130: You thought, “But that's not what the Internet says.” You thought, “Wikipedia doesn't mention that fact.”
131: I wanted you to think in connection with conservatives -- not about the 1980 Republican National Convention -- I wanted you to think about the following: They go to church.
132: I know you won't believe me.
133: First I'll show you what we found in the offices. You see data visualized by a program I worked on with Autodesk.
134: If you pay attention to the microbes in one air conditioning system in this building, you will notice that they are very similar to each other.
135: You can observe the communities of bacteria in the outdoor air, and how those communities change over time.
136: On the left, you see a platform from Evolution Robotics that you can plug into a PC and program, using a graphical interface, to make it walk around the house and do different things.
137: This is a robot you can buy to clean the floor.
138: I don't know if you can see it, I scattered some ricebread in there and threw some coins in, let's see if it will clean that up.
139: And we tried to teach all this stuff to our lab robots, because we think that's how you'd like to communicate with robots in the future.
140: Do you really think so?
141: But as you look at the different zones, you can see that they are fundamentally different from each other.
142: As you know, the first computer in many people's homes was the Pong toy, with a little microprocessor inside, and then other games became available.
143: This is a robot you can buy to clean the floor.
144: Imagine: the late 1990s and you meet a nice young man named Tim Berners-Lee who tells you about a technology he has conceived called the Internet. 
145: If you look at the 2050 timeline, you will see that the Chinese economy is projected to be twice the size of the U.S. economy and the Indian economy is almost equal to the U.S. economy.
146: Do you remember the handover of Hong Kong from Britain to China in 1997?
147: If you want to know why we keep making wrong assessments of China, why our predictions of events in China are wrong - you now know why.
148: So, if you are young, forget about retirement.
149: Forget about them, they will only confuse you, even if you know how to draw.
150: You won't believe this, but we made a list of 7,000 guests - all of them contributed - a crazy list, but I intended to invite all of them to India. And many of them came.
151: I hope you'll join him, help the kids and be honest.
152: And when you go skiing in the mountains, you put different devices on your car for things like that.
153: But then how can you find out about the project?
154: You probably heard about the wave of uprisings there after the 2008 elections.
155: I assume you belong to the second category, which is great because I'm starting a new project: you take your own pictures and post them.
156: Do you remember your first ride in a car with that light?
157: And, if you don't mind, turn off thinking and just feel.
158: You see 50, 100, 200 things on the shelves as you walk, and I have to work with that moment to get to you first.
159: It feels great to do it, you're anticipating it, and when you share it with someone, as you've probably already done, you're going to look really smart.
160: This is Terry, as you can see, he is extending his right arm below his head and far forward.
161: With the help of a native speaker you'll be able to break down their grammar, phrasing these sentences in the past, present and future will allow you to understand where the subject, the complement, the verb, how direct and indirect turns are made up, which gender is which, and so on.
162: But you would be wrong, because my body is very poorly designed for most tasks, perhaps well enough designed for lifting heavy stones.
163: And if you don't believe in any of the religions, there's no shame in finding and choosing the best that's in them.
164: You know, in 18th century Britain, the greatest religious preacher was John Wesley, who traveled up and down the country giving sermons that taught people how to live.
165: Because when you look at the moon, you think, “I'm so small. What are my problems?”
166: In the secular world, you can graduate from university and, being a worthless public speaker, still have a great career.
167: So when you walk through a church, mosque or cathedral, you absorb with your eyes, your senses, truths that you would otherwise perceive with your mind.
168: Because when you look at the moon, you think, “I am so small. What's my problem?”
169: Because you agree with this person 90% of the time, your views are similar in many ways, but there are differences that you respect.
170: And, if you think about it, you'll realize that there's a lot more needed here than just running a cool website.
171: If you start behaving this way, you will be asked to leave the community.
172: And if I'm persuasive, you'll walk away thinking, yes, we really can make a dream come true, make available everything that's ever been published, everything that was intended to be distributed, make it available to everyone in the world who wants access.
173: And if you've ever owned a book, you know that in Microsoft Word format it's about 1 megabyte.
174: If you really care about books, you will scan them better, especially if they are valuable books.
175: If you give to charity, you'll get support and tax breaks, but not on the Internet where you can go broke.
176: The two trucks you see at the very end carry 12 cylinders of compressed helium each.
177: When you walk through the meadows, it vibrates in time with your steps, trying to pick up organic residue.
178: You could take a cardboard shoebox, add water -- I developed this technology for refugee camps -- corn, beans, zucchini and onions.
179: You will rediscover what spirituality and faith mean to you.
180: You will increase your vocabulary, meet new people and start living a healthier lifestyle. You will eat countless delicacies.
181: The next time you encounter something unexpected, unwanted and ambiguous, remember that it could be a gift.
182: Here's a verified press release you can read -- tested by the U.S. Department of Defense, try Googling “Stamets” and “smallpox”.
183: Here are the selectivity indices -- for smallpox, you saw 10 and 20 -- now for influenza viruses, compared to control ribavirin, we have exceptionally high activity.
184: You will increase your vocabulary, meet new people and start living a healthier lifestyle.
185: If you want to learn more, just go to our website. 
186: You'll agree with me about the professors.
187: You recognize this movement, also worms, snakes and any animal that moves on the ground without the help of legs.
188: Well, if you want to fly, it's good to look at birds to learn from them.
189: You'll say, “Uh, what are you talking about?”
190: You know that every Saturday and Sunday, hundreds of thousands of people gather in stadiums every fall to watch soccer.
191: You know that we are taught to play from a young age.
192: And you can say, “Well, God invented the cow.”
193: Because what I've been doing for the last four years, actually since you first saw me - some of you saw me at TED when I was talking about religion, and for the last four years I've been working really almost non-stop on this topic.
194: As long as you're informing your children about other religions you can and as early as you want to and as early as you want to teach them whatever religion you want to teach them.
195: You all just heard this man.
196: Every time you read it or tell it, you make another copy in your brain.
197: You could stop reading this book because life would have no aspiration or significance or meaning.
198: If you are like me, you know a lot of amazing, dedicated, busy atheists, agnostics, who are very good without God.
199: I dove through a hole in the ice, the same one you just saw, and looked at the ice on the back side. I got dizzy.
200: They function even when you're asleep.
201: You will experience anew what spirituality and faith mean to you.
202: You will re-learn to understand and trust your body.
203: He thought and thought, but couldn't solve the problem.
204: We waited and waited for the train, but it never came.
205: She kept searching for the keys, but found them only in the evening.
206: The children were playing in the yard until it rained.
207: I kept staring at the clock, but the time passed too slowly.
208: We kept walking in the park until it got dark.
209: He kept dialing, but no one picked up.
210: The cat was sitting on the window and then fell asleep.
211: She kept reading the book, but she didn't understand the story.
212: I searched and searched for inspiration, but I never found it.
